I get back to work
no I've been here for weeks not
scrubbing one more corpse until you tell
me why I'm doing it
a girl is not ready to become no.1 but
she's ready to become someone else mr.
slave ship why are they entered it
probably came ashore water take me the
slavers Bay put a sword in my hand I'll
prove my worth my cellar Uncle Jamie
that was something stupid we have to
gonna sell that now
for [ __ ] sake you drop your weapon you
deny all the charges against you
fornication buggery blasphemy of course
I deny them Queen Margaery in the
presence of the gods do you swear that
your brother is innocent of these
charges against him to the best of your
knowledge yes I swear it you're late
with him that night and many others liya
is there anyone else who can support
your claim yes Queen Margaery she walked
in on us once not long ago there is
enough evidence to bring a formal trial
for ser Loras and Queen Margaery comment
lady Sansa can you take this man
they take this man we've known Sansa
since she was a girl now watch her
become a woman
[Music]
first Ranger you have command at Castle
black
well commander it is my duty to tell you
I believe this mission to be reckless
foolhardy and an insult to all the
brothers who have died fight in the wild
lands as always thank you for your
honesty his name was Aemon Targaryen and
now his watch is only I am the king the
queen is in prison and there is nothing
I can do I'll call in the army I'll take
back the sets and kill every last one of
them you know as well as I do who the
first casualty of that war would be I
love her oh great your grace you honor
us all
[Music]
get him out of my sight
please I just need a moment of your time
I brought you a gift I am the gift it's
a pleasure to meet you your grace
my name is Tyrion Lannister
the Tyrells finery will be stripped away
their lies knocked down their true
hearts laid bare for all to see what
will he find when we strip away your
finery young man came to us not long ago
and he has much to say about you order
her to let me go I am The Queen
you
why should I spend my time listening to
you because you cannot build a better
world on your own you have no one at
your side who understands the land you
want to rule so if I'm not going to be
murdered and I'm not going to be
banished I'm going to advise me my name
is Lanna I'm an orphan
a girl named Lanna I will return to the
docks she will watch the gambler she
would come to know as much about him as
he knows about herself and then what a
gift tell me why bran and Rickon should
be gone while you still breathe the air
tell me to my face
Theon tell me that they warned your
brother bran and Rickon there's two farm
boys come with me and I'll share these
weapons come with you where there are
good lands south of the walls the Nights
Watch will let you through the tunnel
and allow your people to farm those
lands if if you swear you'll join us
when the real war begins the long night
is coming and the dead come with it
we're leaving too many behind the free
folk are stubborn
[Music]
come on
both of the gates received a threatening
message she will return with you to
King's Landing and my son
Prince trystane will accompany you both
I want to help you
is there any way I can help yes there is
good I want to it will all be over soon
princess
[Applause]
foolish jockey özil studies
[Music]
[Applause]
your grace the lady Melisandre was just
seen riding out of camp on to Winterfell
send me Gilly and the baby to Oldtown so
I can become a maester that's what I'm
him to be not this sage begins at
sunrise it's not going to be a siege
your grace
coming back
[Music]
you're the first person on my list you
know I'm Arya Stark a girl has taken her
life they're armed life I can't see I
wish you all the happiness in the world
listen fella
Lucilla
[Music]
she has confessed to demonstrate her
repentance she will cast aside all pride
to make her walk of atonement
[Applause]
[Music]